docs: document nlb eip allocation annotation on AWS (#29944)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

{{< /note >}}

Further documentation on assigining Elastic IPs and other common use-cases may be found

> on the [AWS EKS NLB documentation pages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/network-load-balancing.html).

Reviewer: This seems OK. Really, we should aim to move details of specific cloud provider implementations into the Reference section of this website (see https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/14770).

> on the [AWS Load Balancer Controller documentation](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/ingress/annotations/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the [AWS Load Balancer Controller documentation](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/latest/guide/service/annotations/).
```
